that's how he has me again
Dunbar steepest
I stopped the recording first and then
That's why a few seconds were missing on Bronze
Issues are in the Klose and that is the main thing
yes we catch a reception again
what tricks he creates
Reichelt already 1 Hamburg
but immediately there are points ad
Heidfeld was something nice
These are really really relaxed moments when playing
I already heard
this one is playing so far
Lakic has already noticed again
I hate that
and this time the catch went really snowing
the direction i believed this time i once gave 1
That was the last time
Planning i have
rather, Pokémon has trapped itself
This has already gone two times three times before I get my second program
would have
Aalen
in the last second
so could help with this now
USD 0 played work
Kickers Hubert percentage points
the jersey number earlier
I am happy
April that was my contribution to the
Okubo and in Balocco provide exhibiting
and I hope we see ourselves in the next round agile
then I am
JOI
and greetings al-turki Ochoa